Update README.md with links to cargo apk README.md (#195)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: README.md

> # Rust on Android

Author: The .md linter told me to change it. I can change it back.

> # Rust on Android

Reviewer: What does the linter warning say? I'm finding conflicting information on whether this is treated as a "document title" (and `---` for "document subtitle"), or just a (deprecated?) alternative for `#` and `##`? They're all still rendered as H1 and H2 respectively though.

> # Rust on Android

Author: I believe that = is indeed deprecated syntax for #.

> # Rust on Android

Reviewer: http://webcoder.info/markdown-headers.html Yeah, it looks like the so-called `setext` (`=` and `-`) is "sort of disliked in the industry", prefer `atx` (`#`) everywhere. Thanks for cleaning this up, I'll keep this in mind when writing/updating more markdown documents :blush:

`ndk` | Safe abstraction of the bindings | [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ndk.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/ndk) [![crates.io](https://docs.rs/ndk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/ndk)
`ndk-glue`| Startup code | [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ndk-glue.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/ndk-glue) [![crates.io](https://docs.rs/ndk-glue/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/ndk-glue)
`ndk-build` | Everything for building apk's | [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ndk-build.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/ndk-build) [![crates.io](https://docs.rs/ndk-build/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/ndk-build)

> `cargo-apk` | Build tool | [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cargo-apk.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-apk) [![crates.io](https://docs.rs/cargo-apk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/cargo-apk) [README.md](./cargo-apk)

Reviewer: I don't think this fits the "badges" column, especially not as text right after the picture.

Since we already have a link to crates.io and docs.rs, how about turning the crate names into links to the respective readmes (and add a link for every crate that one) or add a separate column for it?

Author: That's a good idea, will go ahead and do that.

}
```

## Permissions and features

> See ['cargo-apk README.md'](./cargo-apk) for how to set up permissions, features and other things that go into `AndroidManifest.xml`.

Author: I retitled and reformulated it a bit.

> See ['cargo-apk README.md'](./cargo-apk) for how to set up permissions, features and other things that go into `AndroidManifest.xml`.

Reviewer: Yeah that looks much better :+1:

> Android APKs contain a file called `AndroidManifest.xml`, which has things like permission requests and feature declarations, plus configuration of intents, resource folders and more. This file is autogenerated by `cargo-apk`. To control what goes in it through Cargo.toml, refer to ['cargo-apk README.md'](./cargo-apk/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android APKs contain a file called `AndroidManifest.xml`, which has things like permission requests and feature declarations, plus configuration of intents, resource folders and more. This file is autogenerated by `cargo-apk`. To control what goes in it through Cargo.toml, refer to [`cargo-apk`'s README](./cargo-apk/README.md).
```

Reviewer: @hrydgard If this is a change you agree with, kindly accept it so that I can merge the PR :)

Author: done!
